hf downloader doc (#416)
kserve/website: docs/modelserving/storage/huggingface/hf.md

# Deploy InferenceService with a saved model on Huggingface (HF)

## Using Public HuggingFace Repo

If no credential is provided, anonymous client will be used to download the model from HF repo.

> The uri is in the following format:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `storageUri` field on `InferenceService` should be specified in the following format:
```

```
hf://${REPO}/${MODEL}:${HASH}(optional)
```

e.g. ```hf://facebook/opt-125m```

## Using Private HuggingFace Repo

> KServe supports authenticating using HF_TOKEN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KServe supports authenticating with access token for downloading the model. 
```

> ## Option 1: Create HF Secret

Reviewer: I think for this step is required regardless the options?

Option 1: Download the HF model using envFromSecret in kserve container
Option 2: Download the HF model using storage initializer

### Create secret
=== "yaml"
```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: Secret
metadata:
  name: storage-config
type: Opaque
data:
  HF_TOKEN: aGZfVk5Vd1JVAUdCa0l4WmZMTHVrc2VHeW9VVm9udU5pBHUVT==
```

=== "kubectl"
```bash
kubectl apply -f create-hf-secret.yaml
```

> ## Option 2: using env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Option 2: Download the HF model using envFromSecret in kserve container
```

Create the InferenceService with HF_TOKEN as env

=== "yaml"
```yaml
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: huggingface-llama2
spec:
  predictor:
    model:
      modelFormat:
        name: huggingface
      args:
      - --model_name=<model_name>
      - --model_id=<private_model>
      - --backend=huggingface
      - --task=text_generation
      env:
      - name: HF_TOKEN
        value: <token> or (envFromSecret)
```

> ## Deploy the model on GCS with `InferenceService`

Reviewer: This step is actually for Option 1

Create the InferenceService with the a saved model on HF

=== "yaml"
```yaml
apiVersion: serving.kserve.io/v1beta1
kind: InferenceService
metadata:
  name: huggingface-llama3
spec:
  predictor:
    model:
      modelFormat:
        name: huggingface
      args:
      - --model_name=llama2
      - --model_dir=/mnt/models
      - --backend=huggingface

>       storageUri: hf://meta-llama/meta-llama-3-8b-instruct

Reviewer: For using `storageUri` we need to attach the secret to service account and specify the sa on yaml right?

> # Deploy InferenceService with a saved model on Huggingface (HF)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy InferenceService with models from Hugging Face (HF) Hub
```

> ## Using Public HuggingFace Repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Public Hugging Face Hub Models
```

If no credential is provided, anonymous client will be used to download the model from HF repo.
The uri is in the following format:

```
hf://${REPO}/${MODEL}:${HASH}(optional)
```

e.g. ```hf://facebook/opt-125m```

> ## Using Private HuggingFace Repo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Private Hugging Face Hub Models
```

KServe supports authenticating with HF_TOKEN for downloading the model.

> ### Create secret and attach the secret to service account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create HF Token Secret
```
